---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rabata Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rabata Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `region` (String) The region where Rabata Storage operations will take place. Examples
are us-east-1, eu-west-1, etc.

### Optional

- `access_key` (String) The access key for API operations. You can retrieve this
from the 'Security & Credentials' section of the Rabata console.
- `endpoints` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--endpoints))
- `max_retries` (Number) The maximum number of times an Rabata API request is
being executed. If the API request still fails, an error is
thrown.
- `profile` (String) The profile for API operations. If not set, the default profile
created with `aws configure` will be used.
- `s3_force_path_style` (Boolean) Set this to true to force the request to use path-style addressing,
i.e., http://s3.amazonaws.com/BUCKET/KEY. By default, the S3 client will
use virtual hosted bucket addressing when possible
(http://BUCKET.s3.amazonaws.com/KEY). Specific to the Amazon S3 service.
- `secret_key` (String) The secret key for API operations. You can retrieve this
from the 'Security & Credentials' section of the Rabata console.
- `shared_credentials_file` (String) The path to the shared credentials file. If not set
this defaults to ~/.aws/credentials.
- `skip_credentials_validation` (Boolean) Skip the credentials validation via STS API. Used for AWS API implementations that do not have STS available/implemented.
- `skip_metadata_api_check` (Boolean)
- `skip_requesting_account_id` (Boolean) Skip requesting the account ID. Used for AWS API implementations that do not have IAM/STS API and/or metadata API.
- `token` (String) session token. A session token is only required if you are
using temporary security credentials.

<a id="nestedblock--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `s3` (String) Use this to override the default service endpoint URL
